Terms of Service
This contract is a contract entered into by the Gamamobi  Network Technology Limited (the member's personal information is required to be completed on the registration page, hereinafter referred to as "Party A") and may provide network-related services and mobile gaming services to Party A. Referred to as "Party").
The following are the same as the "
Member registration and game service application, please Party A first review this contract, and then "agreed to comply with" key to complete the membership registration process.
The following are the same as the "
(Such as: parents, guardians) to be allowed to register as a member; such as Party A for the incapacity of the person (Minors under the age of seven), then the legal representative of Party A on behalf of the registration application. Party A's consent to this contract and other meanings shall be deemed to have been made to the legal representative of the permission or compliance with legal requirements.
 
The scope of the first contract
Party B shall provide Party A mobile phone service and other related services (hereinafter referred to as the service), Party A and Party B on the rights and obligations of the service, according to the provisions of this contract.
 
Article 2 of the contract
The following is considered part of this contract and has the same effect as this contract:
1. Party B's advertising or promotional content about the service.
2. Rate table and game management rules.
The contents of the preceding contract are in conflict with each other and should be explained by the consumer.
 
Article 3 Definition of nouns
The terms of this contract are defined as follows:
1. Online game: refers to the side of the Internet through the Internet through the B set up by the network server, so that Party A and other non-specific majority of people at the same time online game software.
2. Game site: refers to the website provided by Party B for the provision of this game service.
3. Points of the game: refers to the party in accordance with the payment method set by Party B in exchange for, as a unit to pay the price of Party A service.
4. Game management rules: refers to the party by B, for the rules to regulate the way the game does not affect the rights and obligations of both parties to the contract.
5. The course of the game: refers to the party from the party to log in to the service until the cancellation of the service, the computer system on the party game process for the record.
6. Suspension of the game (frozen): refers to the restrictions on the login to the game site or temporary restrictions on the use of the game account, etc., temporarily prohibit the use of this site provided by the service.
7. Plug-in: means a program that is not provided by Party B to influence or change the operation of Party B's online game.
8. Necessary costs: Refers to the cost incurred by Party B for the performance of this Contract or the fees paid to a third party.
 
Article 4 Special Provisions on the Right of Deportation of Special Sale and Purchase of Consumers
Party A shall, within seven days after the commencement of the game, inform Party B of the termination of the contract by e-mail or in writing, and Party A shall not need to explain the reasons and bear any costs. Party A may request a refund from Party B for unused stored value.
 
Article 5 The change of the charging standard and the relevant provisions of the notice
When the rate adjustment is made, Party B shall announce the game website, the game in progress and the game login page 30 days before the scheduled effective date. If Party A has registered the e-mail at the registered account and inform Party A by e-mail.
If the new rate is higher than the old rate, Party A will be in the game site before the date of entry into the stored value should remain Rate charged.
Timely time, each unit for two hours.
 
Article 6 The information that should be included in this game
Party B shall indicate the following on the game website and the game kit package:
1. According to the computer software classification method to mark the game grading level and prohibit or suitable for use of the age.
2. The minimum hardware and software requirements for this game.
3. The right of refund as set out in Article 7.
4. Those who provide security devices, their free or paid information.
 
Seventh of the game suite and software refund
Party A shall, within seven days after purchasing the game kit or paying the relevant software, request a full refund from the original purchaser. In the case of the preceding paragraph, the original purchaser shall not deal with or can not handle it, and Party B shall immediately withdraw from Party A's request.
 
Article 8 The entry into force of the contract
Party A shall register the account for the first time after the contract review period, enter the website showing the terms of this contract and, upon the option of "consent", presume that Party A agrees to the provisions of this contract.
 
Article 9 Intellectual Property Rights
The copyright, the patent, the trademark, the trade secret, other intellectual property rights, ownership or other rights, all of the work and the data on the game website are owned by Party B or its owner, unless otherwise authorized by Party B or its individual rights holders , Party A shall not, without authorization, reproduce, transmit, alter, edit or otherwise use it for any purpose, and the offender shall bear all relevant legal liabilities on its own.
In the event that Party A has made any violation of the Act and any infringement of the intellectual property rights of the other party, Party B shall, without the consent of Party A, after receiving the order from the public authorities and the inspection unit and the judicial organs or other government agencies To provide Party A member registration data and its on-line time and game history records, to the relevant units as the left card, the contract also immediately terminated.
 
Article 10 Use and custody of account number and password
1. Party A in the service registration process should set a set of their own account and password, after confirmation by Party B game site set up the group account and password for the use of Party A.
2. If the account number is set, it shall not be changed. The password corresponding to the account shall be changed according to the modification mechanism provided by Party B.
3. Party A shall be responsible for the account and password custody, and shall not transfer, deliver, disclose or lend the account and password to the third party. If the dispute arises, it shall be attributed to Party A. Be responsible for.
4. Party B personnel (including customer service personnel, game administrator) shall not take the initiative to ask the party's password.
5. Party B shall retain the account number and electromagnetic record of Party A within 30 days after the termination of the contract.
6. Where the contract is terminated by reason of attributable to Party A, Party A shall continue to use the original account number and the electromagnetic record attached to the account after the renewal of the period. If Party A has not yet applied for renewal, Party B shall remove the account and all the data accompanying the account, unless otherwise provided by the Act.
 
Article 11 Notice of the illegal use of the account password
If any party finds that the third party illegally uses the account of Party A, or if the use of security is abnormally damaged, he shall notify the other party immediately. Party B has received notice from Party A or Party B has notified Party A that Party B has confirmed the aforesaid circumstances, Party B may suspend the account number or password, and replace the new account or password to Party A.
In the foregoing case, Party B shall return to Party A the deductible value, or the equivalent of the game cost, but may be attributable to Party A.
 
Article 12 Where the electromagnetic recording is improperly transferred
If Party A discovers that the account number and password are illegally used and the electromagnetic record of the game is improperly transferred, Party B shall immediately notify Party B to verify that Party B shall immediately suspend the account number after temporarily checking the identity of Party A, and temporarily limit the relevant Online game users use the right to use the service.
Party B shall, at the time of the temporary restriction of the right to use the game, notify the third party holding the previous record in writing or by e-mail immediately. If the third party fails to give a notice within seven days from the date of receipt of the notice, Party B shall reply directly to the electromagnetic record which has been improperly transferred to Party A. If the reply can not be made, the other party may agree with the other means of compensation, and after the reply (Such as security cards, telephone locks, etc.) and Party A does not use the user, Party B shall have a direct reply to the improper transfer of the electromagnetic record to Party A. Party B has any restrictions on the use of the relevant online game users;
The third party who holds the first electromagnetic record does not agree with the treatment of Party B, and Party B shall handle the matter according to the reporting procedure.
Party B shall limit Party A's right of use in accordance with the provisions of the first paragraph, and Party B shall not charge Party A for the period of restricted use.
Party A shall be liable for any damage to the rights of Party B or other online game users if there is a false report.
 
Article 13 The duration of the game history, the way of inquiry and the cost
Party B shall keep a record of the personal game history of Party A, and the preservation period is 30 days for Party A to inquire.
Party A shall apply in writing to the service center of Party B in writing, network or pro-Party B, and shall submit the personal data consistent with the identity certificate for inspection. The inquiry fee is NT $ 200, Side burden.
Party B shall receive the inquiry application from Party A, and shall provide the personal course of Party A listed in the first item and provide the data in a medium or written or e-mail on a disc or disk within seven days.
 
Article 14 Electromagnetic Records
All the electromagnetic records of this game are owned by Party B, Party B shall maintain the integrity of the relevant electromagnetic records of Party A.
Party A has the right to control the electromagnetic record of the preceding paragraph.
 
Article 15 Privacy Protection
The protection of personal data, according to personal data protection laws and related laws and regulations. Please refer to the privacy policy.
 
Article 16 Information Disclosure
Party B should be on the game site to provide the game-related information, and regularly updated.
 
Article 17 Online quality
Party B of the system equipment due to pre-planned maintenance of the system required to stop, should be seven days ago in the game site announcement, and notify the party when the login, and in the game issued a stop message.
Party B shall ensure that its system equipment, no errors, the screen is suspended, hysteresis, interrupted or can not be online. If Party B can not provide Party A services, Party B shall return the stored value of Party A, or waive the cost of the game, or defer the time for Party A to enter the game.
 
Article 18 System Security and Program Vulnerability
Party B shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, be responsible for maintaining its own computer system when it is providing the Service, in accordance with the technical or professional level at that time.
When the computer system or electromagnetic record is damaged or the computer system is operating abnormally, Party B shall respond as soon as possible after taking reasonable measures.
Party B shall violate the provisions of the preceding two articles and shall bear the damage liability of Party A in accordance with Party A's damage. If Party B proves that it has no fault, Party B shall mitigate its liability.
Party B shall not charge Party A any fees before the completion of the repair and normal operation before the occurrence of the second term in the computer system of Party B.
Due to the game program loopholes caused by Party A damage, Party B should be affected by the situation of Party A, the damage liability. But Party B has proved that it has no fault, have to reduce its liability.
 
Article 19 The rules of game management
In order to standardize the way of the game, Party B shall establish a fair and fair game management rules, Party A shall abide by the announcement rules of the game management.
Changes to the rules of the game management shall be made in accordance with the procedure of Article 22.
Game management rules are one of the following circumstances, the provisions of the invalid:
1. conflict with this contract.
2. To deprive or restrict Party A's contractual rights. But Party B in accordance with the provisions of Article XX of the processor, not the limit.
 
Article 20 In violation of the rules of the game management
In addition to the provisions of this contract, there are facts to prove that Party A in the game in violation of the rules of the game management, Party B should be in the game site or game in the announcement, and online real-time communication or e-mail to inform Party A. Party B has been informed of improvement without improvement, Party B in accordance with the rules of the game management, according to the circumstances of the restrictions on the use of Party A right.
Party B in accordance with the rules of the game to stop the right to play the game, each shall not exceed seven days.
In addition to forming the termination of the contract, Party B in accordance with the rules of the game management of the disposal of Party A shall not affect the rights of Party A in accordance with this contract.
 
Article 21 The right to appeal
Party A is not satisfied with the online quality provided by Party B, the game management, the cost of billing, other relevant quality of service, or Party B in accordance with the rules of the game management disobedience, received notice within seven days from the day to the service center Or by e-mail or written complaint, Party B shall, upon receipt of the complaint, reply to the result of the treatment within 15 days.
Party B should be in the game website or game management rules set out 24 hours service line, appeal service line and e-mail address.
 
Article 22 The change of contract
Party B shall amend this contract, should be on the game home page and the game login page announcement, and in writing or e-mail to inform Party A.
If Party B fails to make public announcements and notices in accordance with the preceding paragraph, the change of its contract shall be invalid.
Party A shall, within fifteen days after the date of the first notification:
1. Party A does not express the objection, as Party A Party B accepted the contents of the contract change.
2. Party A shall be deemed to be Party A's notice of termination of this contract.
 
Article 23 Termination and refund of the contract
Party A may at any time notify Party B to terminate this contract.
At the time of termination of the contract, Party B shall refund the unused stored value or game cost of Party A in cash, credit card, draft or registered check within 30 days after deducting 30% of the necessary cost.
Party A has one of the following major circumstances, Party B in writing or e-mail to inform Party A, the immediate termination of this contract:
1. Use any system or tool to maliciously attack or destroy the computer system of Party B.
2. Use the plug-in, virus programs, game program vulnerabilities or other violations of fair and reasonable way to play the game.
3. The seizure of any unlawful conduct by the judiciary.
Party B shall not be liable for the damage to Party A when Party B has made a mistake or can not prove the facts in the preceding paragraph.
 
Article 24 The validity of individual provisions
Any or all of the terms of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of any other provision.
 
Article 25 The applicable law and the court of jurisdiction
The interpretation and application of this Agreement and the relevant rules of the game management, and Party A's use of the service and the relationship between the rights and obligations arising from B, the two sides agreed to the law of the Republic of China as the law.
If the event is due to this contract, the parties agree to the Taipei District Court for the first instance jurisdiction of the court.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not exclude the application of Article 47 of the Consumer Protection Act or Article 346 of the Civil Procedure Law.
Privacy Policy
In order to provide a more complete and diversified service and merchandise, we will collect, use, manage and provide you with your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Data Protection Act. Of the data to the service provider or affiliate to ensure that you provide better quality of service and are committed to monitoring and ensuring that employees are absolutely rigorous and confidential in their handling of data.
1. The purpose of collecting personal information
When using the New Marketing Co., Ltd., it may be necessary to provide some personal information to continue to use the members of the New Marketing Co., Ltd., the main purpose of collecting personal information is as follows:
(1) to verify the identity of the owner of the new members - and therefore need to register to you, such as name, identity card number, address, e-mail and other data.
(2) to provide services and support for the new marketing company, which includes contact information (address or email, etc.), and in conjunction with the services or support you request, these data will also be used to provide you with products and services And so the latest data.
(3) to comment on the forum or to respond to the survey - the company will collect e-mail address or name.
(4) for the provision of quality services for statistical data - the use of service data may be used for comprehensive statistical data and analysis, the company developed the most suitable for users and the most easy to use the content.
(5) marketing purposes - including direct contact with you, or through other means to inform you of the latest news. We are committed to following the company's strict guidelines to select reputable partners to provide services, but the company's privacy does not cover your direct to third parties (online auction buyers / sellers, online stores or other linked sites) to provide data, Integrated Marketing Limited recommends that you advise the parties concerned about their codes and guidelines before providing any personal information.
(6) out of the game for the activities of the normal needs of the game battle scores, fighting rankings and other basic information can be licensed new marketing integrated marketing Co., Ltd. to share the game list.
2. Collect the data content class
(1) Basic data: such as name, gender, date of birth, identity card number, passport number, telephone, address, email box, marriage, family status, legal guardian name, or other person who can identify you personally or indirectly Data; and, if necessary, will require a copy of the original or copy.
(2) accounting information such as financial institution account number, credit card number, transaction information, and other financial situation; and if necessary, will require the original or copy check.
3. Use of personal data
New Marketing Co., Ltd. Is required to use your data during the operation period.
4. Personal data use area
New gadgets integrated marketing company using your profile area for the world.
5. Disclosure of information collected
You confirm and authorize the new gadgets Integrated Marketing Co., Ltd. reserves and stores all the data you provide and placed in one or more of our databases. We will maintain full control and protection of all data in these databases in accordance with strict security and confidentiality standards and will not disclose them to third parties except with the following persons or organizations:
(1) employees who have been formally trained to process customer data and are authorized to join the new marketing company.
(2) third-party service providers that provide support services. These suppliers are bound by the contract to comply with the privacy standards listed in this article.
(3) New gadgets Integrated Marketing Co., Ltd. Any person who needs to disclose data to the applicable law, government or regulatory requirements.
(4) any trustee or transferee who is the benefit of the Company at the time of the reorganization, reorganization or the like of the Company's business.
(5) Persons or institutions that you trade with, through financial services, banking, finance or other institutions through the New Marketing Co., Ltd.
(6) New Marketing Co., Ltd. will retain the right to disclose your personal information to a specific person in any of the following circumstances:
(A) New Marketing Co., Ltd. has sufficient reason to believe that it is necessary to identify or contact you.
(B) in violation of the terms and conditions of the website or product of the website or product of the New Marketing Co., Ltd., or because of the damage or interference caused by your website to the website, rights, products and other users of the New Marketing Co., Ltd. When people take legal action against you.
(C) New Marketing Co., Ltd. has sufficient reason to believe that you are involved in fraud, or other illegal, breach of contract.
(7) Any advertisers or other websites that you find linked to the website of the New Marketing Co., Ltd. may also collect your personal information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the advertiser or other website and can not control them. behavior.
6. Does not provide data or provide unrealistic data
(1) When you join a new member of the New Marketing Co., Ltd. website or apply for other services, and if you have to fill in your personal information, if you provide the data provided by others, or the new marketing company is not enough to confirm your Status authenticity, new gadgets Integrated Marketing Co., Ltd. may be suspended for your service; if after your correction, if you can confirm the authenticity of the new gadgets Integrated Marketing Co., Ltd. will restore your service if you can not confirm your authenticity , The new gadgets integration marketing company will not be able to process your request.
(2) You may be free to choose whether or not to be provided when you join a new member of the website or apply for other services, but you may also be unable to use the data you need to register or need relevant data The use of services or specific products (such as subscribing to newsletters, birthday offers, etc.); in addition to the occurrence of an account was fraudulent use, data theft, because you did not provide or provide false information, so that you can not confirm The identity of the authenticity of the new gadgets Integrated Marketing Co., Ltd. will not be able to handle your request.
7. User selection
New Marketing Co., Ltd. from time to time through e-mail to provide users with the latest news or in the absence of your request and the communication. If you do not wish to receive further communications from your request, you may contact us by email and they will remove your name from the contact list of the above newsletter. We will only keep your contact details for customer service, such as notifying you of the latest offers, changes in membership services, and so on.
8. Use "Cookies" to collect data
We may use the Cookies file to collect user usage data for the service, which will help users to visit the site again. "Cookies file" is a small piece of data sent by the network server, stored in a web browser, so that in the future from the browser to read the information. At present, the information collected from the Cookies file is used to improve the functionality of the service. The data provided by the New Marketing Co., Ltd. is based on the analysis of the cumulative use of the service by the Company and then organized and organized. The Cookies file helps keep the login process smoother and faster, and save the data between calls.
You can turn off the Cookies file on your browser without affecting your visit to our website, but the Cookies file does make it easier for us to serve. Closing the Cookies file feature may cause the complexity of the use and involve more input procedures. You should also be aware that if you remove the Cookies file function, it may affect some of the features of the new gadget integration marketing company.
9. Data security
We are concerned about the security of the information collected and have implemented measures to prevent unauthorized access to or use of such data. The system of the New Marketing Co., Ltd. uses the appropriate security regulations to identify and authorize the security of electronic communications. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security measures or unauthorized disclosure or use of such data.
10. User posted note
Any place where the new gadgets integrated marketing company can be entered by the general public may be indexed by the search engine.
If you choose to disclose personal information in a place where the public can access, the user should pay more attention.
11. Update of privacy policy
We are very concerned about the user's privacy issues, and know that when the company to provide new features or business services, there is a need to update this policy, we will modify the policy before the user to inform the changes.
12. Other rights
Your personal information, in the new game through the integration of marketing Co., Ltd. to confirm their own, have to claim the following matters:
(1) to inquire whether the Company has any of your personal data,
(2) access to the information held by the Company,
(3) require correction of your information,
(4) to identify policies and practices that are implemented from time to time in relation to the type of data and data held by the Company,
(5) to prohibit access to or use of your data and to request the action of any of the new marketing companies to take any action in respect of any of the above requirements. The New Marketing Consortium Limited reserves the right to charge reasonable fees in accordance with the above requirements.